.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.nh
.TH lsaddhost 1 "openlava Version 2.0 - Jan 2012"
.br
.SH NAME
\fBlsaddhost\fR - Adds host and its properties 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR
.PP
.PP
\fBlsaddhost\fR [\fB-m\fR\fB \fImodel\fR] [\fB-t\fR\fB \fItype\fR] [\fB-f\fR\fB \fR\fIcpufactor\fR] [\fB-D\fR\fB \fInumDisks\fR] [\fB-R\fR\fB \fR\fB"\fR\fIresource list\fR\fB"\fR] [\fB-w\fR\fB \fR\fB"\fR\fIwindows\fR\fB"\fR] [\fB-b\fR\fB \fR\fB"\fR\fIbusy on list\fR\fB"\fR] \fIhost_name\fR 
.PP
\fBlsaddhost\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR
.PP
.PP
\fB\fRAdds a single host and its properties to an existing cluster. 
.PP
The host_name parameter is mandatory. If no additional parameter are specified,
it adds the host_name to the cluster. 
lsaddhost can be executed on MASTER host or on any other compute (slave) one on which 
openlava package has been yet installed, in this case it must be specified the 
variable LSF_SERVER_HOSTS in order to allow to determine where the master host is.
With additional parameters, can be added the following information: host model, 
host type, CPU factor, number of Disks, resource list, windows, busy on list. 
See lsf.cluster(5), lshosts(1). 
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.BR
.PP
.TP 
\fB-m\fR 

.IP
The host model.

.TP 
\fB-t
\fR
.IP
The host type. 

.TP
\fB-f
\fR
.IP
The CPU factor.

.TP
\fB-D
\fR
.IP
Number of local Disks installed on host.

.TP 
\fB-R\fR \fB"\fR\fIresource list\fR\fB"\fR 

.IP
List of resources, separated by space chars, defined on cluster (boolean, static or dynamic ones).
The size of the resource requirement string is limited to 512 bytes.

.TP
\fB-w
\fR
.IP
The Run Window for the host.

.TP
\fB-b
\fR
.IP
List of values, separated by space chars, for which the host status becomes busy.

.TP 
\fB-h\fR 

.IP
Prints command usage to stderr and exits. 


.TP 
\fB-V\fR 

.IP
Prints the openlava release version to stderr and exits. 

.TP
\fBhost_name
\fR
.IP
The hostname of the single host to be added to the cluster. 
This mandatory parameter must be resolved by DNS or /etc/hosts file.

.SH OUTPUT
.PP

.IP
Displays the following:
Host host_name added.
.PP
In this case the host_name has been successfully resolved and added to the cluster.
.PP
Otherwise, if host_name is not correctly resolved, displays the following:
main: invalid hostname host_name


.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR
.PP
.PP
lsfintro(1), ls_info(3), ls_policy(3), 
ls_gethostinfo(3), lsf.cluster(5), lsf.shared(5)
